Add tracing to datasource-http-backend (#140)
grafana/grafana-plugin-examples: examples/datasource-http-backend/README.md

# Grafana Data Source Plugin Template

This example queries data from an HTTP API, which returns data in JSON format and then it's converted to data frames.

> This differs from the datasource-http example, because the data fetching happens on the backend.

Reviewer: Maybe something along these lines?

```suggestion
This differs from the datasource-http example, because the data fetching happens in the plugin backend rather than going through Grafana's datasource HTTP proxy.
```
